# Week -- 06/13/16

## This Week's Focus:
 - [x] Finish Advanced Algorithm Challenges
 - [ ] Brush up on Math - Khan Academy
 - [ ] Finish a couple of methods in JS Quick Reference
 - [x] Write out thoughts around "Beginner JS"
 - [ ] Read Food Rules by Michael Pollan

## Things I Did From the List:
 - [ ] Finish Advanced Algorithm Challenges
 - [x] Write out thoughts around "Beginner JS"

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Brush up on Math - Khan Academy
- [ ] Finish a couple of methods in JS Quick Reference
- [ ] Read Food Rules by Michael Pollan

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Write out thoughts on creating context while learning JS
- [x] Added resources to my resources folder
- [x] Got dogwaddle.github.io set up and added a bunch of product pages
- [x] Got most of the JavaScript Calculator Challenge done, including successfully implementing a basic version of the shunting yard algorithm.
- [x] Streamed my progress on Twitch for all weeek days.
- [x] Did some reading up on learning research
- [x] Created Side Project pages
- [x] Got all of the Q&A FCC pages and anki cards done except for JavaScript section.  

## Next Week's Focus:
- [ ] Get JavaScript Calculator and Pomodoro Clock done
- [ ] Brush up on Math - Khan Academy
- [ ] Finish a couple of methods in JS Quick Reference

## Things I'll Do Next Week:
- [ ] Fix personal portfolio page so it has all the projects listed.
- [ ] Make the JavaScript Quiz/Anki Cards
- [ ] Work on creating the section introductions.
- [ ] Do some writing on how to incorporate learning research into Free Code Camp
- [ ] Work on creating a design document for Free Code Camp
- [ ] Give more Feedback on MDN Chris JS

## Things I'll Read/Watch Next Week:
- [ ] Read Food Rules by Michael Pollan
- [ ] Other than that nothing particular. Maybe some Dev Tips videos.

## Week in Review
I got a good amount done, not exactly what I was planning on getting done. I seem to get caught up with coding and forget to work on some of the other projects I got swirling around. Streaming my progress has been good for me because it ensures that I put in the time for the Free Code Camp challenges. Because of that I have been making nice, steady, progress on the challenges.


## kudos
Template and Idea from [Una Kravets](https://github.com/una)
